[docs][node-manager] Add link to NVIDIA Container Toolkit docs (#16875)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-node-manager/docs/FAQ.md

Manual containerd configuration (via `NodeGroupConfiguration`, TOML, etc.) is not required and must not be combined with the automatic setup.
{% endalert %}

{% alert level="info" %}

> NVIDIA Container Toolkit supports the following platforms — see [official documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/supported-platforms.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the list of platforms supported by NVIDIA Container Toolkit, see [the official documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/supported-platforms.html).
```

{% endalert %}

> 

Reviewer 2: Too many alerts. The user will end up seeing three of them side by side, which is too many.

Author: Done.
